[docs][chart] Add docs information for Legend HTML (#17502)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/composition/composition.md

### Graphical components

These are any component that render the graphical elements of the chart.

> They are the children of the **SrtsDataProvider, and thus a customized legend. Before, in v7, it was possible to use ChatsLegend inside ChartContainer with together with multiple Line/BarPlots, unfortunately this page as no indication/help/example for that scenario. All graphs rendered here hatructural components** shown above.

Reviewer: This seems like it was pasted by mistake 😆

Author: 🙈

> They are the children of the **SrtsDataProvider, and thus a customized legend. Before, in v7, it was possible to use ChatsLegend inside ChartContainer with together with multiple Line/BarPlots, unfortunately this page as no indication/help/example for that scenario. All graphs rendered here hatructural components** shown above.

Reviewer 2: Does this sentence make sense here? 

If we're referring to something from v7, should we use a `:::info`?

Author: I think it's a bad copy paste. I don't know why but those time VSCode struggles with copy paste. It's lagging, so not impossible I missed a wong one

### Axis

To add axes, use `<ChartsXAxis />` and `<ChartsYAxis />` as defined in the [axis page](/x/react-charts/axis/#composition).

It takes an `axisId` prop that indicates which axis, defined in the container, should be rendered.
If `axisId` is not provided it will pick the first one.

### Grid

To add a grid, use the `<ChartsGrid />` component.

See [Axis—Grid](/x/react-charts/axis/#grid) documentation for more information.

### LegendGrid

To add a legend, use the `<ChartsLegend />` component.

:::warning
The Legend is an HTML element since v8.
I must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.

```jsx
<ChartDataProvider>
  <ChartsLegend />
  <ChartsSurface>{/* SVG components */}</ChartsSurface>
</ChartDataProvider>
```

:::

> See [HTML-components](/x/react-charts/components/#html-components) documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [HTML components](/x/react-charts/components/#html-components) documentation for more information.
```

See [Axis—Grid](/x/react-charts/axis/#grid) documentation for more information.

> ### LegendGrid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Legend
```

> To add a a legend, you can use the `<ChartsLegend />` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a legend, use the `<ChartsLegend />` component.
```

> To add a a legend, you can use the `<ChartsLegend />` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a legend, you can use the `<ChartsLegend />` component.
```

:::warning

> The Legend is an HTML element since v8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The legend is an HTML element since v8.
```

Author: The usage of capitalization come from [this writing rule](https://www.notion.so/mui-org/Style-conventions-for-MUI-components-and-products-dff7d2d7d1ba4a4abd47f48cf345b800)

- Legend: The legend component
- legend: The concept of legend
- `<ChartsLegend />` The piece of code

> I must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It must be inside the `ChartDataProvider` to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.
```

> I must be inside the Data Provider to get the data, but outside the Surface since it's not an SVG element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It must be rendered inside the `ChartDataProvider` to get the data, but outside the `ChartsSurface` since it's not an SVG element.
```
